a bird is ready today .
birds are ready today .
a bird was ready yesterday .
birds were ready yesterday .
a bird is quiet today .
birds are quiet today .
a bird was quiet yesterday .
birds were quiet yesterday .
a bird is happy today .
birds are happy today .
a bird was happy yesterday .
birds were happy yesterday .
a bird is outside today .
birds are outside today .
a bird was outside yesterday .
birds were outside yesterday .
a bird is inside today .
birds are inside today .
a bird was inside yesterday .
birds were inside yesterday .
a bird is near the school today .
birds are near the school today .
a bird was near the school yesterday .
birds were near the school yesterday .
a bird is beside the garden today .
birds are beside the garden today .
a bird was beside the garden yesterday .
birds were beside the garden yesterday .
a bird is at the station today .
birds are at the station today .
a bird was at the station yesterday .
birds were at the station yesterday .
a dog is ready today .
dogs are ready today .
a dog was ready yesterday .
dogs were ready yesterday .
a dog is quiet today .
dogs are quiet today .
a dog was quiet yesterday .
dogs were quiet yesterday .
a dog is happy today .
dogs are happy today .
a dog was happy yesterday .
dogs were happy yesterday .
a dog is outside today .
dogs are outside today .
a dog was outside yesterday .
dogs were outside yesterday .
a dog is inside today .
dogs are inside today .
a dog was inside yesterday .
dogs were inside yesterday .
a dog is near the school today .
dogs are near the school today .
a dog was near the school yesterday .
dogs were near the school yesterday .
a dog is beside the garden today .
dogs are beside the garden today .
a dog was beside the garden yesterday .
dogs were beside the garden yesterday .
a dog is at the station today .
dogs are at the station today .
a dog was at the station yesterday .
dogs were at the station yesterday .
a teacher is ready today .
teachers are ready today .
a teacher was ready yesterday .
teachers were ready yesterday .
a teacher is quiet today .
teachers are quiet today .
a teacher was quiet yesterday .
teachers were quiet yesterday .
a teacher is happy today .
teachers are happy today .
a teacher was happy yesterday .
teachers were happy yesterday .
a teacher is outside today .
teachers are outside today .
a teacher was outside yesterday .
teachers were outside yesterday .
a teacher is inside today .
teachers are inside today .
a teacher was inside yesterday .
teachers were inside yesterday .
a teacher is near the school today .
teachers are near the school today .
a teacher was near the school yesterday .
teachers were near the school yesterday .
a teacher is beside the garden today .
teachers are beside the garden today .
a teacher was beside the garden yesterday .
teachers were beside the garden yesterday .
a teacher is at the station today .
teachers are at the station today .
a teacher was at the station yesterday .
teachers were at the station yesterday .
a driver is ready today .
drivers are ready today .
a driver was ready yesterday .
drivers were ready yesterday .
a driver is quiet today .
drivers are quiet today .
a driver was quiet yesterday .
drivers were quiet yesterday .
a driver is happy today .
drivers are happy today .
a driver was happy yesterday .
drivers were happy yesterday .
a driver is outside today .
drivers are outside today .
a driver was outside yesterday .
drivers were outside yesterday .
a driver is inside today .
drivers are inside today .
a driver was inside yesterday .
drivers were inside yesterday .
a driver is near the school today .
drivers are near the school today .
a driver was near the school yesterday .
drivers were near the school yesterday .
a driver is beside the garden today .
drivers are beside the garden today .
a driver was beside the garden yesterday .
drivers were beside the garden yesterday .
a driver is at the station today .
drivers are at the station today .
a driver was at the station yesterday .
drivers were at the station yesterday .
a farmer is ready today .
farmers are ready today .
a farmer was ready yesterday .
farmers were ready yesterday .
a farmer is quiet today .
farmers are quiet today .
a farmer was quiet yesterday .
farmers were quiet yesterday .
a farmer is happy today .
farmers are happy today .
a farmer was happy yesterday .
farmers were happy yesterday .
a farmer is outside today .
farmers are outside today .
a farmer was outside yesterday .
farmers were outside yesterday .
a farmer is inside today .
farmers are inside today .
a farmer was inside yesterday .
farmers were inside yesterday .
a farmer is near the school today .
farmers are near the school today .
a farmer was near the school yesterday .
farmers were near the school yesterday .
a farmer is beside the garden today .
farmers are beside the garden today .
a farmer was beside the garden yesterday .
farmers were beside the garden yesterday .
a farmer is at the station today .
farmers are at the station today .
a farmer was at the station yesterday .
farmers were at the station yesterday .
a child is ready today .
children are ready today .
a child was ready yesterday .
children were ready yesterday .
a child is quiet today .
children are quiet today .
a child was quiet yesterday .
children were quiet yesterday .
a child is happy today .
children are happy today .
a child was happy yesterday .
children were happy yesterday .
a child is outside today .
children are outside today .
a child was outside yesterday .
children were outside yesterday .
a child is inside today .
children are inside today .
a child was inside yesterday .
children were inside yesterday .
a child is near the school today .
children are near the school today .
a child was near the school yesterday .
children were near the school yesterday .
a child is beside the garden today .
children are beside the garden today .
a child was beside the garden yesterday .
children were beside the garden yesterday .
a child is at the station today .
children are at the station today .
a child was at the station yesterday .
children were at the station yesterday .
one student is ready today .
students are ready today .
one student was ready yesterday .
students were ready yesterday .
one student is quiet today .
students are quiet today .
one student was quiet yesterday .
students were quiet yesterday .
one student is happy today .
students are happy today .
one student was happy yesterday .
students were happy yesterday .
one student is outside today .
students are outside today .
one student was outside yesterday .
students were outside yesterday .
one student is inside today .
students are inside today .
one student was inside yesterday .
students were inside yesterday .
one student is near the school today .
students are near the school today .
one student was near the school yesterday .
students were near the school yesterday .
one student is beside the garden today .
students are beside the garden today .
one student was beside the garden yesterday .
students were beside the garden yesterday .
one student is at the station today .
students are at the station today .
one student was at the station yesterday .
students were at the station yesterday .
one nurse is ready today .
nurses are ready today .
one nurse was ready yesterday .
nurses were ready yesterday .
one nurse is quiet today .
nurses are quiet today .
one nurse was quiet yesterday .
nurses were quiet yesterday .
one nurse is happy today .
nurses are happy today .
one nurse was happy yesterday .
nurses were happy yesterday .
one nurse is outside today .
nurses are outside today .
one nurse was outside yesterday .
nurses were outside yesterday .
one nurse is inside today .
nurses are inside today .
one nurse was inside yesterday .
nurses were inside yesterday .
one nurse is near the school today .
nurses are near the school today .
one nurse was near the school yesterday .
nurses were near the school yesterday .
one nurse is beside the garden today .
nurses are beside the garden today .
one nurse was beside the garden yesterday .
nurses were beside the garden yesterday .
one nurse is at the station today .
nurses are at the station today .
one nurse was at the station yesterday .
nurses were at the station yesterday .
i am ready today .
we are ready today .
she is ready today .
he was ready yesterday .
i am quiet today .
we are quiet today .
she is quiet today .
he was quiet yesterday .
i am happy today .
we are happy today .
she is happy today .
he was happy yesterday .
i am outside today .
we are outside today .
she is outside today .
he was outside yesterday .
i am inside today .
we are inside today .
she is inside today .
he was inside yesterday .
i am near the school today .
we are near the school today .
she is near the school today .
he was near the school yesterday .
i am beside the garden today .
we are beside the garden today .
she is beside the garden today .
he was beside the garden yesterday .
i am at the station today .
we are at the station today .
she is at the station today .
he was at the station yesterday .
every morning he walks to the school .
last monday he walked to the school .
he is walking to the school now .
every morning she walks to the school .
last monday she walked to the school .
she is walking to the school now .
every morning the teacher walks to the school .
last monday the teacher walked to the school .
the teacher is walking to the school now .
every morning the driver walks to the school .
last monday the driver walked to the school .
the driver is walking to the school now .
every morning the farmer walks to the school .
last monday the farmer walked to the school .
the farmer is walking to the school now .
every morning the nurse walks to the school .
last monday the nurse walked to the school .
the nurse is walking to the school now .
every morning we walk to the school .
we walked to the school yesterday .
we are walking to the school now .
every morning they walk to the school .
they walked to the school yesterday .
they are walking to the school now .
every morning students walk to the school .
students walked to the school yesterday .
students are walking to the school now .
every morning dogs walk to the school .
dogs walked to the school yesterday .
dogs are walking to the school now .
every morning he walks to the market .
last monday he walked to the market .
he is walking to the market now .
every morning she walks to the market .
last monday she walked to the market .
she is walking to the market now .
every morning the teacher walks to the market .
last monday the teacher walked to the market .
the teacher is walking to the market now .
every morning the driver walks to the market .
last monday the driver walked to the market .
the driver is walking to the market now .
every morning the farmer walks to the market .
last monday the farmer walked to the market .
the farmer is walking to the market now .
every morning the nurse walks to the market .
last monday the nurse walked to the market .
the nurse is walking to the market now .
every morning we walk to the market .
we walked to the market yesterday .
we are walking to the market now .
every morning they walk to the market .
they walked to the market yesterday .
they are walking to the market now .
every morning students walk to the market .
students walked to the market yesterday .
students are walking to the market now .
every morning dogs walk to the market .
dogs walked to the market yesterday .
dogs are walking to the market now .
every morning he walks to the station .
last monday he walked to the station .
he is walking to the station now .
every morning she walks to the station .
last monday she walked to the station .
she is walking to the station now .
every morning the teacher walks to the station .
last monday the teacher walked to the station .
the teacher is walking to the station now .
every morning the driver walks to the station .
last monday the driver walked to the station .
the driver is walking to the station now .
every morning the farmer walks to the station .
last monday the farmer walked to the station .
the farmer is walking to the station now .
every morning the nurse walks to the station .
last monday the nurse walked to the station .
the nurse is walking to the station now .
every morning we walk to the station .
we walked to the station yesterday .
we are walking to the station now .
every morning they walk to the station .
they walked to the station yesterday .
they are walking to the station now .
every morning students walk to the station .
students walked to the station yesterday .
students are walking to the station now .
every morning dogs walk to the station .
dogs walked to the station yesterday .
dogs are walking to the station now .
every morning he walks to the garden .
last monday he walked to the garden .
he is walking to the garden now .
every morning she walks to the garden .
last monday she walked to the garden .
she is walking to the garden now .
every morning the teacher walks to the garden .
last monday the teacher walked to the garden .
the teacher is walking to the garden now .
every morning the driver walks to the garden .
last monday the driver walked to the garden .
the driver is walking to the garden now .
every morning the farmer walks to the garden .
last monday the farmer walked to the garden .
the farmer is walking to the garden now .
every morning the nurse walks to the garden .
last monday the nurse walked to the garden .
the nurse is walking to the garden now .
every morning we walk to the garden .
we walked to the garden yesterday .
we are walking to the garden now .
every morning they walk to the garden .
they walked to the garden yesterday .
they are walking to the garden now .
every morning students walk to the garden .
students walked to the garden yesterday .
students are walking to the garden now .
every morning dogs walk to the garden .
dogs walked to the garden yesterday .
dogs are walking to the garden now .
every morning he walks to the hospital .
last monday he walked to the hospital .
he is walking to the hospital now .
every morning she walks to the hospital .
last monday she walked to the hospital .
she is walking to the hospital now .
every morning the teacher walks to the hospital .
last monday the teacher walked to the hospital .
the teacher is walking to the hospital now .
every morning the driver walks to the hospital .
last monday the driver walked to the hospital .
the driver is walking to the hospital now .
every morning the farmer walks to the hospital .
last monday the farmer walked to the hospital .
the farmer is walking to the hospital now .
every morning the nurse walks to the hospital .
last monday the nurse walked to the hospital .
the nurse is walking to the hospital now .
every morning we walk to the hospital .
we walked to the hospital yesterday .
we are walking to the hospital now .
every morning they walk to the hospital .
they walked to the hospital yesterday .
they are walking to the hospital now .
every morning students walk to the hospital .
students walked to the hospital yesterday .
students are walking to the hospital now .
every morning dogs walk to the hospital .
dogs walked to the hospital yesterday .
dogs are walking to the hospital now .
every morning he walks to the store .
last monday he walked to the store .
he is walking to the store now .
every morning she walks to the store .
last monday she walked to the store .
she is walking to the store now .
every morning the teacher walks to the store .
last monday the teacher walked to the store .
the teacher is walking to the store now .
every morning the driver walks to the store .
last monday the driver walked to the store .
the driver is walking to the store now .
every morning the farmer walks to the store .
last monday the farmer walked to the store .
the farmer is walking to the store now .
every morning the nurse walks to the store .
last monday the nurse walked to the store .
the nurse is walking to the store now .
every morning we walk to the store .
we walked to the store yesterday .
we are walking to the store now .
every morning they walk to the store .
they walked to the store yesterday .
they are walking to the store now .
every morning students walk to the store .
students walked to the store yesterday .
students are walking to the store now .
every morning dogs walk to the store .
dogs walked to the store yesterday .
dogs are walking to the store now .
every morning he walks to the office .
last monday he walked to the office .
he is walking to the office now .
every morning she walks to the office .
last monday she walked to the office .
she is walking to the office now .
every morning the teacher walks to the office .
last monday the teacher walked to the office .
the teacher is walking to the office now .
every morning the driver walks to the office .
last monday the driver walked to the office .
the driver is walking to the office now .
every morning the farmer walks to the office .
last monday the farmer walked to the office .
the farmer is walking to the office now .
every morning the nurse walks to the office .
last monday the nurse walked to the office .
the nurse is walking to the office now .
every morning we walk to the office .
we walked to the office yesterday .
we are walking to the office now .
every morning they walk to the office .
they walked to the office yesterday .
they are walking to the office now .
every morning students walk to the office .
students walked to the office yesterday .
students are walking to the office now .
every morning dogs walk to the office .
dogs walked to the office yesterday .
dogs are walking to the office now .
every morning he walks to the bank .
last monday he walked to the bank .
he is walking to the bank now .
every morning she walks to the bank .
last monday she walked to the bank .
she is walking to the bank now .
every morning the teacher walks to the bank .
last monday the teacher walked to the bank .
the teacher is walking to the bank now .
every morning the driver walks to the bank .
last monday the driver walked to the bank .
the driver is walking to the bank now .
every morning the farmer walks to the bank .
last monday the farmer walked to the bank .
the farmer is walking to the bank now .
every morning the nurse walks to the bank .
last monday the nurse walked to the bank .
the nurse is walking to the bank now .
every morning we walk to the bank .
we walked to the bank yesterday .
we are walking to the bank now .
every morning they walk to the bank .
they walked to the bank yesterday .
they are walking to the bank now .
every morning students walk to the bank .
students walked to the bank yesterday .
students are walking to the bank now .
every morning dogs walk to the bank .
dogs walked to the bank yesterday .
dogs are walking to the bank now .
yesterday ruth played near the garden .
ruth played at the school last monday .
yesterday ruth worked near the garden .
ruth worked at the school last monday .
yesterday ruth rested near the garden .
ruth rested at the school last monday .
yesterday ruth talked near the garden .
ruth talked at the school last monday .
yesterday ruth jumped near the garden .
ruth jumped at the school last monday .
yesterday ruth walked near the garden .
ruth walked at the school last monday .
yesterday ben played near the garden .
ben played at the school last monday .
yesterday ben worked near the garden .
ben worked at the school last monday .
yesterday ben rested near the garden .
ben rested at the school last monday .
yesterday ben talked near the garden .
ben talked at the school last monday .
yesterday ben jumped near the garden .
ben jumped at the school last monday .
yesterday ben walked near the garden .
ben walked at the school last monday .
yesterday iris played near the garden .
iris played at the school last monday .
yesterday iris worked near the garden .
iris worked at the school last monday .
yesterday iris rested near the garden .
iris rested at the school last monday .
yesterday iris talked near the garden .
iris talked at the school last monday .
yesterday iris jumped near the garden .
iris jumped at the school last monday .
yesterday iris walked near the garden .
iris walked at the school last monday .
yesterday sam played near the garden .
sam played at the school last monday .
yesterday sam worked near the garden .
sam worked at the school last monday .
yesterday sam rested near the garden .
sam rested at the school last monday .
yesterday sam talked near the garden .
sam talked at the school last monday .
yesterday sam jumped near the garden .
sam jumped at the school last monday .
yesterday sam walked near the garden .
sam walked at the school last monday .
